# Bellabeat Case study

**Introduction**
How Can a Wellness Technology Company Play It Smart?

**Background**
Bellabeat is a high tech company that manufactures health focused smart products.They offer different smart devices that collect data on activity, sleep, stress, and reproductive health to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits.The main focus of this case is to analyze smart devices fitness data and determine how it could help unlock new growth opportunities for Bellabeat . We will focus on one of Bellabeat’s products: Bellabeat app.

The Bellabeat app provides users with health data related to their activity, sleep, stress, menstrual cycle, and mindfulness habits. This data can help users better understand their current habits and make healthy decisions. The Bellabeat app connects to their line of smart wellness products.

**Key Stakeholders**
Urška Sršen Bellabeat cofounder and Chief Creative Officer
Sando Mur Bellabeat cofounder and key member of Bellabeat executive team
Bellabeat Marketing Analytics team
Bussiness Task
Given the previous facts, the business task is defined as searching for user patterns of usage of their smart devices in order to gain insights that would later better orientate marketing decisions. So, in one phrase it would be: How do our users use our smart devices?. Identify trends in how consumers use non Bellabeat smart devices to apply insights into Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.

**Dataset used**
The data source used for this case study is FitBit Fitness Tracker Data. This dataset is stored in Kaggle and was made available through Mobius and generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016 05.12.2016.

**Accessibility and privacy of data**
The data is licensed under CC0: Public Domain, waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extend by law. The work can be copied, modified, distributed and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission

**Data organization and verification**
The dataset is a collection of 18 .csv files. 15 in long format, 3 in wide format. The datasets consists of wide ranging information from activity metrics, calories, sleep records, metabolic equivalent of tasks (METs), heart rate and steps; in timeframes of seconds, minutes, hours and days

**Data limitations**
The data has some limitations which could Undermine the results of the analysis Such limitations to take into consideration are:
- Missing demographics
- Small simple size
- Short time period of Data collection

## Process
Please see the notebook for reference

## Data Analysis
Please see the notebook for reference

## Conclusion
Please see the notebook for reference

## Act
After analyzing FitBit Fitness Tracker Data, we have found some insights that would help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy

### A multipurpose device
Bellabeat can let know users, that their products are not only meant for sports, or excersice related activities As the data show, many users spend more time wearing the tracking device on weekends than on weekdays, this could mean that they relate the product just to sports or for only the usual walking to the park on sundays Bellabeat can show that their products are meant to acompany them wherever they go for any daily activities, such as work And help them track information to improve overall fitness and health This will encourage women from diverse demographic features and backgrounds to use Bellabeat's product meant for all women who care about overall health
